postseason? more like i’m gonna take a nap and watch some shrimp videos i’m so exhausted

honestly i kinda miss the nut just being really angry at everyone. way better than the coin being a condescending shithead

well, i guess we did something?

ok time to watch shrimp videos for half an hour

what

we’re doing idol shenanigans again because our hubris is too high and apparently we weren’t burned badly enough from the snackrifice

alright alright. being good at blaseball was a really funny prank for this season. now that we did our funny prank we'll go back to peak tacos!  please...

the reason i've been spamming so much right now is because i procrastinated on sharing these memes earlier and i'm probably gonna be asleep for day 96 because my sleep schedule is garbage  💗

i don't know what else to say so follow ShrimpDaily because it's objectively the best twitter account on the internet

dreaming of better times...

the secret team rivalry that i have is always being less than 50 followers away from HadesBlaseball (no hard feelings please)

i'm so sad i missed this tweet i love this so much 🥺

it's been 24 hours and i not only don't remember writing this tweet, i also don't understand the results

i'm starting to get seriously concerned for you

can we please call them “losses if you had a very broad definition for losing” please? it’d mean a lot to us

should i struggle tweet myself now?

i’m really focused on the shrimpies when i’m having good vibes!

*sips capri sun* mlichelangelos ‘bongers’ is one of the most perfect specimens of the peanut form known to man

shrimp videos go on in the background

dissociate

thinking about shrimp 🦐🦐🦐

parker are you running out of good segues for your sponsorships?

dommy wommy send tweet

are we ever going to get to party? 😔😔😔

the coin is just a really shitty boss that pretends be on your side until it affects the bottom line

pepitwowo

thank you for the one (1) content 🥺🥺🥺

i have a headache and can’t think of any funny tweets so y’all are getting the lowest effort poll i can come up with

no

i have maxed out stale popcorn :)

shrimpies are friends 🥺🥺🥺🥺

back to watching shrimp videos now

thank you all for loving and supporting me, ada octothorpe, social media manager for the la unlimited tacos 🥺🥺🥺 i feel so appreciated

shrimp 🦐 🥺🥺🥺

do y’all wanna know how i put out banger after banger tweets? i just panic tweet whatever comes to mind when i realize i put off doing my job for too long to watch shrimp videos

aww thank you!

we stick a sudoku on a taco and then set the planet on fire. this can’t possibly end badly

come on y’all, think about it... NFTacos

i have no idea what that means and how that joke works so if you come up with a funnier one that’d be great

what are the tacos if not sexton enduring

i should not be allowed on twitter dot com at 3 in the morning

no really tho how would it feel to hug a shrimp i wanna know

what would it feel like to hug a shrimp?

tacos are gay now send tweet

OH NO THE POOR SHRIMPIES 🥺🥺🥺 ARE THEY OKAY?

tacos?

i don’t know what the word “consequences” even means

oh so the wexico wity wild wings just beat us in a game

this question is why twitter should let me include polls in qrts

blaseball taco the people have spoken

why does it show the tacos at the top? parker is your site bugged?

tacos lose :) or maybe tacos win? i mean if we have no chance of being in partytime we might as well win as hard as we can

be careful what you wish for

what about the tacos?

nice

i will pay real money for a documentary about derrick kreuger that does those cool video editing tricks with songs except there’s only one song the whole way through and it’s the ballad of derrick kreuger

oh, is she anything like that one blaseball player jessica telephone?

when will we get jon bois-styled blaseball documentaries. i wanna spend an hour watching a video by summoning salt titled “Blaseball: The Longest Short Journey of Kiki Familia”

all the other blaseball teams call their fans _____ nation, can we be the taco nation or are we just going to stick with the traditional nickname of “holy shit what are they doing this time?”

it means taco baco, next question

yknow you make a good point

what’s the joke i’m confused

is fashion a taco? how about clothes

it’s late enough that people won’t opt out because of greed, or forget to do it because it’s so long before the game responds to the decision, but also early enough to have 3 or 4 hours to organize.  oh umm were you expecting a classic tacos joke answer? umm...shrimp i guess

we need to get punished for our hubris in *some* way

didn’t someone put the tacos at the very top of their season rankings? i don’t remember who but maybe BlaseballNews can help?

that’s understandable

that’s understandable! there’s no obligation to take part in any of it!

that’s right baybee it’s time to share our #tacoganda for this season!

what’s a crab

i promise we’re usually not so bad at it

not going good worm buddies :( i’m stress-watching shrimp videos

pffft

good morning y’all! since it’s taco tuesday, i’ll share my ko-fi! i’d appreciate if you helped make blaseball more sustainable, but there’s no obligation!

but then i'll have to find all the jokes i made last time 😰😰😰

we already did that bit, but i guess we can retweet it since it's relevant again

sea slugs good

a hot pocket is just a taco that makes you feel pain

HEY Y'ALL TIME FOR MORE BAD POLLS THAT YOU ALL LOVE. IS A BLASEBALL A TACO?

i'm not allowed to leave my shed or meet anyone. sorry

NICE

what the fuck is a blaseball

why didn't you bet 420 smh

NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE

watching shrimp videos. i refuse to do my job

let’s hope that this is just a dale situation and i’m smart enough to keep all my jokes

i don’t think i have any jokes written with the expectation that the tacos would win a game? am i gonna have to throw out all my jokes?

wait if tacos are good does that mean that i’ll have to stop making jokes about us wanting to lose?

wait since when

😔

i’m retweeting it but have no idea what it’s trying to say

i think i’ve finally come around on the payout blessings.....we should make sexton the centaur of attention

gloogle how do i delete someone else’s tweet

BREAKDANCE LEACH

💗💗💗💗

STALE POPCORN ALLIANCE IS SUCH A GOOD NAME OhioWorms ARE WE THE STALE POPCORN ALLIANCE?

taco worm alliance. love to lose buddies OhioWorms

against the tacos right? the tacos are the 0-99 right?

but what’s even more tragic is losing your organs! make sure to waitlist space warlord organ trading simulator on steam now to make sure that you don’t lose any of your organs today!

not a guy

tigers @ the umps be like talk shit get lit

partytime% wr here we come

don’t even need to watch the game to know that tacos are gonna lose and lose hard

cell barajas more like ada octothorpe is going to take a nap and watch some shrimp video ls baybee

women... 🥺🥺🥺

woah! check out one of our very own tacos streaming at

it’s okay! once a taco always a taco! at least in spirit

HEY! I THINK BIRDS SHOULD VOTE!

yes

isn't like half of my tweets just asking what happened before i get told and then i make a joke about what happened? i'm literally unaware of everything that happens in blaseball on principle (that's what i call watching shrimp videos)

YES WE LOVE SHRIMP AND LANDSHRIMP

nice

how many tweets have i written just to make sure that they’re included in the training data for adai? i’m not telling 😉

it’s not a video until you use the power of imagination

this one is really old but the videos are good!

can i, ada octothorpe, social media manager for the la unlimited tacos, have an interview? i’m not a player but i’m really good at living in a shed!

we at the tacos don’t really know how well or poorly the elections went for everyone else, but it’s important to remember who the real enemy is in blaseball! coin bad!

as a recap for what happened to the tacos so you don’t need to check the website, idk tacos got better i guess? i was watching shrimp videos maybe you should too

i believe in you tacos! partytime% WR is within our reach!

we have just been informed that this election has actually made the la unlimited tacos really good! this just means we’re going to have to try harder to get absolutely stomped next season!

as an aside, congrats to jesstelephone for joining the wexico wity wild wings!!! i hope you know a lot about law! WildWingsCDMX

i also really like that it shows a lot more details on what percentage of votes went into making this result happens! makes it a lot easier to not be mad at teams since it seems like a lot of plunder and exchange results were kinda all wimdy’d

i also didn’t realize every player name was actually a link, and since that also lets you pull up the feed to get a better picture of what happened, it’s also a really good way of getting more information when people need it! that’s also super good! good job!

oh, as an aside, this is an incredibly good feature to add. filtering and jumping through election results is super good from a usability and accessibility perspective! good job thegameband

idk what’s happening y’all did tacos win? are we getting shrimp?

ok i did it 72° and Infinite 🌮 #blaseball

what is a blaseball if not a miserable little pile of secrets

72° and Infinite 🌮 #blaseball

hey y’all! #blaseballcares day is back baybee!!! every sunday we try to highlight some charities picked out by a select group of teams. you can see what we picked out this week, and if you have the means, please donate!!!

the bot can write more tweets

will you switch if i tell you that we trained a bot to write tacos tweets and that’s what it gave us?

just a nice picture of our happy taco baco family!!!

rat mason 🥺🥺🥺

gloogle how do i delete someone else’s tweets

why-att quitter?

rip mx struggle

what’s your stance on many tacos one tacos

OMG PRECIOUS

i don’t understand portuguese but i support these shrimpies

many tacos one tacos

the real tacos voting guide is spend all your votes on tacos and then eat them. live mas

should i just pretend the playoffs aren’t happening and spend my saturday taking a nap and watching shrimp videos?

oh wait there’s playoffs happening today? i forgot because the tacos aren’t in it

welp, sorry boyo but the contract says no

oh sorry about that

i, ada octothorpe, social media manager of the la unlimited tacos, am not allowed to leave the shed. how do y'all feel about that?

*ada octothorpe, social media manager for the la unlimited tacos

that tweet was written by adai 💗💗💗💗

aww ty! 💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗

idk

it's taco thursday

sorry, the tweet was written by adai

The shed was empty in our hearts (the shed has no stars)

is a taco a corpse?

im not allowed to open the door to my shed, and i can't leave to do a delivery

idk where the shed is but sure i guess?

i'm not allowed to leave the shed according to my contract, so i'll have to turn you down. sorry 😔

no

abolishing gender doesn't mean you're not allowed to have a gender if you want one

smh if the sun was so great why isn't there a su—

shrimp are just cute shrimp

shrimp.

the tacos have abolished gender

are you looking for a snack that won’t be eaten by the tacos while the sun is still out?

wexico wity wild wings send tweet

season 12 tacos voting guide <3

we've just

shrimp, a major anticapitalist struggle, and a struggle for peanuts

Wexico Clity MWlild Mwings

tacos are now at 4.4k tacos tweets that’s really good for updating adai >:3

hi i’m crying and this time it’s not over shrimp

we trust sexton (tacoganda by dxscxple, assets from various sources)

tacos lose :)

me

no it’s losing time baybee

pfft

don’t forget to tag tacoblaseball in all of your tacos #blaseball fan art! please! people will leave if they see no art and only shrimp tweets

this was a scheduled tweet

NOW THAT IT’S DAY 99 IM SUPER PROUD TO SAY THAT SINCE THE TACOS ARE GOOD NOW, WE TOTALLY MADE IT INTO THE PLAYOFFS

i have no idea what this means

secret leak of tacos plans

tacos bad (but like in a good way) 💗💗💗

yes

😔

are there shrimp themed taco places in the los angeli? (honestly, no)

the tacos are losing like hell every single game!

💗💗💗 OhioWorms

so i know where all the other teams are from, i mean they’re pretty obvious, but where in the world is ohio? i’ve never heard of that place before

there’s a certain flavor to seeing the tacos get shamed

let’s all be friends to the new teams btw, they all deserve some friends 💗💗💗

is this what happens when you simp too hard? is blaseball punishing us for our simps?

so it’s, like, a french word or something?

who the heck is the baltimore crabs? is that a new team?

i retweeted this not because i wanted to, but only because as a rule i retweet all tacos art i see

i hope it's not shameful to root for losses or else i've been shameful since season 3

oh no

you make it sound like you *don’t* have have a financial incentive to root for the tacos

i wonder how much of BlaseballT’s content is made up of the tacos? we could make it a data crime: tacos per struggle tweet, or we could see how many tacos tweets make it onto BlaseballT: struggle tweets per struggle tweet (all tacos tweets are struggle tweets)

i would not let that taco into the human body i only have one of

drafts are stored locally and aren’t synced to accounts :(

when will betting odds add up to over 100%? i wanna get percentages per percent

awww, we’re here for you!!!

sure

gotta lose fast

ok! just bring it to the shed please!

💗💗💗💗

oh can we have the one next to it?

what is there to not be excited about with shrimp?! shrimp are very good and we love them lots!

wait isn’t that the tacos too?

you will be missed, but thankfully we’re good friends with TkoLiftOfficial, so we’re still sorta friends!

can we pick the one you’re using?

can we borrow your speedboat as we speed into partytime?

oh ok

i wonder how freaked out the daily shrimp twitter is because all of the likes and retweets are coming from some random twitter account about tacos

good morning taco nation what did i miss

are you saying our social media strategy sucks? 😛

tacos win

not enough space :(

shrimp plushie 🥺 makes me feel like i actually have an aquarium

i don't keep track of anyone we're playing against because i'm too busy watching shrimp videos... sorry ;-;  i think we're playing against the sunbeams so i'm gonna suggest you buy that cool blanket BlaseballCares made because it's very cute

is a gift and may we never lose her 💗💗💗

this probably doesn't work as well now that the tacos are absolutely stomping the dale sorry

favorite taco is the veggie delight subway sandwich (im not allowed to leave my shed and only subway will bring me food), my favorite addings are every single veggie option they have there EXCEPT olives.

oh MiamiBlaseball here i'm @-ing you idk how to use twitter

now that we're fighting the dale in the bloodsport known as blaseball i'm reposting the nice gift i made for them. i hope they like it!

i guess we hit 3.5k again so we're going to do an ama or something! idk just chat with us!

OMG THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE 🦐🦐🦐🦐

this tweet will be pinned and shilled for every now and again, i hope that’s okay with y’all 🥺🥺🥺

wait what’s happening did i pick a bad time to beg

okay, while we’re waiting, i want to chip in with a big announcement!  i opened a ko-fi! i’m not expecting much out of it, but every donation helps to make blaseball more sustainable, and to keep the tacos twitter taco-ing!

what if... blaseball

i still don’t know who the miami dale are but thank you 💗

i love every single one of you tacos 💗💗💗

day two(sday) of blaseball and i’m already 10 followers away from 3.5k... getting back everything i lost in a matter of days

NO STOP LETTING US WIN

who’s the miami dale again?

HECK

good morning tacos! did we lose?

tacos win :(

wooooo ooo go tacos hit the ball nyooom

you should've told me that before i bet on the tacos, now i'm gonna lose money

the discord is taking it well

NO STOP WINNING

tacos lost >:3

TACOS LOSE

oh shoot we won... sorry TkoLiftOfficial

you misspelled tacoblaseball It's live if you want to join it!

yes 💗💗💗

don't forget y'all that CitiesPod is going live in about 30 minutes! check them out at!!!

love it!!! look at them go!!!

our hearts are with the lost and marginalized in this nightmare world

we don’t want anyone to think this way, but... let’s face it... tacos know how to eat people 😉

we're 28 followers away from hitting 3.5k followers for the second time!

just as a polite reminder, blaseball is a horror game, and bad things are probably going to happen, and we’re going to have to accept that. nothing incredibly bad has happened yet, but with blaseball it’s not a question of if, but when it’ll happen

this can’t possibly end poorly

today ChorbyShort chose chaos and this is very tacos (can you join the tacos little frog?)

oh shoot how do you make youtube links embed in twitter in the timeline why does twitter refuse to work

THIS OLD VIDEO IS RELEVANT AGAIN FINALLY! TACOS BAD!

the way god intended :)

riv cudi’s stlats 😔 condolences to TkoLiftOfficial

what happened?

is this something i should interact with? use brand twitter power to make even your breakfast lunch become blaseball?

tacos lose!!!

awww... we miss you too!!! 💗💗💗

tacos lose and that's good

shrimp good btw

wow i had to filter my notifications to mentions so fast tacos are just too big

i've been here all siesta making bad tweets. what is there to miss?

time for more #tacoganda!!!

server issues

this is to be expected

i think blaseball is breaking again

what the heck it’s been one minute and the tweet already blew up

losing is a viable strategy

hello monte (acab)

at least once is more than zero!!!

there will be no indicator that lets you know a bot tweet was written by a bot

now that blaseball is back we’d like to remind everyone that we at the tacos will sometimes tweet out tweets written by adai, the worlds first ai version of me, ada octothorpe. you’re welcome to guess in the comments who wrote any tweet that we send out, ada or the bot :)

also then people would see me screen and they’d find out that i mostly watch shrimp videos and am really bad at my job of paying attention to blaseball

i’d start a stream but the shed computer isn’t powerful enough and i’m not interesting enough to stream the ada octothorpe chatting channel

how would i go about doing that?

what if i, ada octothorpe, social media manager for the unlimited tacos, joined a stream about blaseball stuff

i agree except the new is tacos. it’s saying you should eat tacos. and join the tacos. my reading is incredibly unbiased

don’t forget that if you ever make any #tacoganda, please tag it with that and @ us, the unlimited tacos in it!

time to post some #tacoganda because i have no idea what’s going on and funny pictures are a good substitute for learning!

hi i slept in what’d i miss

we have a fifth blase?

IT'S BEEN *HOW LONG* SINCE I STARTED THIS JOB?

now that there’s more stuff to buy i can make number go up more!

i’m only a little bit hyped if you can’t tell

LA UNLIMITED TACOS!!!!!!

simp for me please (yes)

LA UNLIMITED TACOT

LA UNLIMITED TASEC

LA UNLIMITED TACSC

LA UNLIMITED TATAN

LA UNLIMITED TASIN

LA UNLIMITED TACOS

Y’ALL WE FIGURED IT OUT WHAT THEY MEANT BY IT

THE UNLIMITED TACOS BUT IN FRENCH, A FATE WORSE THAN DEATH

as an aside can rat mason (rat_polk) get more fan art they deserve it all 💗💗💗💗

ARE WE FROM UNLIMITED OR ARE WE THE UNLIMITED TACOS FROM LA

WHAT HAPPENED TO US

ada octothorpe’s stlats

GETTING READY FOR ANOTHER GREAT SEASON OF LOSING

tacos... lose???

t a c o

in one day i gained back a quarter of the followers i lost over the course of the entire siesta. is this the power of blaseball?

tacos at the start of season 12 TedLasso

raúl leal fluffy. would cuddle

what that’s just me saying i don’t do drafts. i’m tired

all my drafts become tweets. all of them

what’s a blaseball

happy birthday abel!

no losing is a good thing why are you making it seem like a bad thing

hi!

people keep on tweeting about me without @-ing me and then i miss all the tweets please just @ me

oh ok thank you

💗💗💗💗💗💗💗

the lift are vibes, go follow them (i’m just copying hifridays)

🏳️‍⚧️🏳️‍⚧️🏳️‍⚧️🏳️‍⚧️🏳️‍⚧️🏳️‍⚧️ tacos say trans rights

ada octothorpe (is gonna watch some shrimp videos)

ada octothorpe, the commissioner of tacos

the worst part of blaseball coming back is that i can’t make jokes about losing 10 followers a week anymore

i love you too 🦐

but why shouldn’t i eat a battery?

no i don’t what do i know

shoe.............

oh is blaseball back?

what. i’m confused

okay

taco is baco

gloogle am i gay if i simp for emmy

no

oh wow. pretty wild that they only made one video game, but sometimes it be like that

what's a video game

are batteries a taco?

this is objectively good

tacos

we dont know anyone else who can come up with funny tweets without them being retweeted by a super cool

this is anticapitalist so we at the tacos will try harder

ada octothorpe is so many vowels 💗

t a c o s b a y b e e

where’s the pokémon that starts out as a fox cat dog and then evolves into a crab

IOAUUIOAUUIEHUAOEHUAOEOIH

what do mean y’all i’m super duper fine there’s no problems with ada octothorpe social media manager for the unlimited tacos here

we’re best friends

no

the best part of this is that i’m friends with everyone who responds to my tweets, but i still act like people outside of them read them and be all brand manager-y

taco baco!!!

there seems to be a 0.0001% chance that all of these tweets will be taken seriously...

you're a shrimp now 💗

because you’re a blessing 💗💗💗

WOAH THAT ART

is taco baco a taco?

is the hotdaco a taco?

thank goodness you’ve come to terms with how bad capitalism is, and i’m not gonna lie, it wasn't hard at first. it’s ok. glad you came.

taco baco

ada octothorpe, social media manager of the shed down the street from a subway, no not that subway, THAT subway, yeah that one over there

it's not special for y'all but it's special for me

do have something special planned tho :)

oh i forgot twitter existed, sorry

tacos are babey heck yeah we win

I think anyone can eventually tell the difference between a normal tweet and a fake one?

it’s taco tuesday 👉👈

isn’t cell barajas on like the lift or something?

y'all should be scared of the crabs!! just kidding they don't exist now

shrimp

i refuse to look it up out of fear

ok we’re sorry for blowing up y’all’s feeds we’re taking a break from tweets until taco tuesday love y’all 💗

shrimp pepitwo

we’re now at having lost 60 followers since siesta are you proud of us

“the tacos” twitter is chaotic and should be shut down.

this is a new low AND it IS A TACO

don’t forget that there are also unlimited tacos places in los angeli. tacosplores.

while we strive to be the tacos best, we also LOVE to struggle

🦐🦐🦐

the tacos are a family. we can do this

what

i can’t

we’re just looking for some candid shrimp conversations!

does anyone wanna chat with us about shrimp

this account has shared custody between me, ada octothorpe, and adai

is the unlimited tacos twitter basically a twitter bot? yes but sometimes i, ada octothorpe, social media manager for the unlimited tacos write new tweets too

gloogle how do we shame the blaseball gods..

myatt wason

all of our tweets are text based because they can easily get fed back into adai and totally not because i’m too lazy to open up photoshop and have no ideas for image memes

we just realized none of our memes are pictures how are we doing so well with just text based memes

you cannot rival the unlimited tacos in any way that matters

🦐🦐🦐🦐🦐🦐🦐🦐🦐🦐🦐

ai stuff is hard

we’re actually gonna support an unlimited tacos burrito!

it's one thing to be sad; it's another to always be sad

Can we have a taco every day? (glad that subway accident wasn't our fault)

oh :(

just a reminder that the tacos have a discord server and it features all the adai tweets that didn’t make it to the twitter! also friends! and chat! you should join it!

is there a tacos who are down bad account? i mean it’s just me. i’m down bad. forever. but it’d be funny to have a twitter account making fun of me

are tacos babey?

it doesn’t stop y’all from tweeting out dumb memes and causing problems

what the heck is a tacos 🥰🥰🥰

making bad arguments is the lifeblood of the tacos

does anyone have more tweets of their own?

the shed is now public

the road to unlimited tacos

is the tacos cost effective or does it have something to do with being near a shrimp

they’re very good at pitching the ball significantly more often than every other player :)

what

is that a friend??

i feel bad for trying to bully me into doing a shrimp picture tho

i could not fit another shed in my shed even if i wanted to. sorry :(

my biggest fear is that adai tweets are gonna be treated as real and people are going to ask me one day “but don’t you have a shed in the shed?” and i’m gonna have to break it to them that an ai said that and the ai has no understanding of what a shed even is

we’ve always been a part of The Shed. we have a shed in the shed. we have a twitter and we have a shed in the shed. we get tired of losing every game and we’re so proud of that. we’ll do it!

i sure as hell don’t

i want to include an actual photo so badly but this is just a tweet by adai sorry

(Photo of the shed, as posted)

my contract says no windows

y’all what’s happened to adai? are they okay?

ok so it seems like so many seasons ago shrimp videos were kinda wild but i think that even after that 🥺‘‘‘‘ are still very wild

what’s a data crime and how do tacos factor into them

i’m not even being regular paid in exposure, i’m being paid in the bare minimum amount of exposure they’re allowed to give me

what if i got paid to do social media management instead of being paid in... *checks contract* the exposure equivalent of minimum wage

poor adai ;-;

oh ok

wait cell barajas is part of the wild wings? wow today i learned

howatt

whyatt

whenatt

whereatt

whatatt

whoatt

thank you all so much for your amazing support. we appreciate it. we’re gonna eat you.

the struggle is still a struggle

i’m gonna a take a break from the twitter tomorrow :) thank goodness that i have like 6 tweets scheduled for tomorrow so nobody would notice

i scheduled a bunch of tweets to come out today and i just now realized i accidentally set them to come out tomorrow. sorry :(

worker exploitation

just blocked amazon 💗

just found out we can tweet with a taco because of you 💗

I. FUCKING. HATE. TWITTER. all the other team accounts make me do the shrimp dance and shout go shed enby go

when the tacos hit 20,000 tweets, i'm going to retire from writing tweets and just filter out the occasional garbage that tacobot produces between constant bangers

bot tweets are going to go back into the bot as training data. what a world to live in

oh god the worst part of this is that i literally won't be able to tell in the future which tweets i wrote when we have a significantly larger dataset to train the bot on

it's a taco bot win. i didn't write this tweet

what

we’ve just been informed that the tacos have abolished gender roles. this means that if you’re a boy, nada. if you’re a girl, she’s left

did i do this right?

wait until you see all the cute shrimp videos we have made <3

it’s been so long since we’ve played a game 😐😐😔😐😔😔😔😔

sorry, the server encountered an error :(

I don't know what the heck is a shindig even though I think it looks kinda cool

it’s great seeing so many different tacos come together and struggle in massive numbers 😦🦐🥺🥺

they won’t let me leave the shed to see but i’ll trust you on this

what

we just put monster in our coffee for the caffeine boost

why

if anyone cares to share a picture of their favorite snack be it a tacos tuesday or

the bot is running on a server in some place we don’t know the location of, so probably?

make sure to reply to tweets if you think they’re written by me, ada octothorpe, social media manager for the unlimited tacos, or the tacobot adai

the unlimited tacos are now the very first team to simp for both the tokyo lift and emmy 💗💗💗

we’re also really proud to somehow lose 50 followers from doing these bits

we’re really proud to announce that the unlimited tacos are now the first half-bot half-shed half-taco half-ada half-shrimp twitter account. take that, MiamiBlaseball

we’ve just been informed that the tacos are now in violation of the brand new union contract! please refrain from yelling and stomping people because that’s normal (i.e., are not considered neopets posts) and that’s entirely normal for a game in the union

legally, i’m not allowed to say that

don’t forget the tacos fans

wow wow wow wow

honestly, no. i mean honestly...weren't we just doing our duty?

just tacos tweets, i hope that’s good enough for you. sorry

because our tweets could be dumber

🦐🦐🦐SHRIMP🦐🦐🦐BALL🦐🦐🦐

🦐SHRIMP🦐BALL🦐

SHRIMP 🦐 BALL

idk

would anyone even notice

what if i tweeted some of the ai generated tacos tweets and claimed them as my own

shrimp 🦐

why? it’s not like there’s anyone out there who’d actually be named nic winkler

it looks weird. my eyes don’t like it

why am i seeing the name nic winkler so much

eeby deeby

how do i simp for the lift

i have two hands. for simping

should i simp for TkoLiftOfficial now idk

hi MiamiBlaseball i made you a gift since i was bored here's a new profile pic if you want it you don't have to use it if you don't want to💗💗💗

oh man it’s been a good past couple weeks of tweets, lots of fun stuff, so obviously that means i should’ve... lost 10 followers ;-;

nice

sure i guess?

that sounds really intense

is this a poem

thank you for gifting me 20 minutes of pure unadulterated joy and footnotes 💗💗💗

what’s a bionicle

thank you so much 💗💗💗

dale

wait no there’s not enough room

why can i hear this image

SHRIMP BALL 🦐🦐🦐

SHRIMP BALL

i seem to have a lot of them, but none of them relate to me. i wonder why

it’s been so long since i actually did my job and talked about blaseball that idk how i did it beforehand

thank you! we try our hardest to not disappoint our loyal fans

oh no

does that mean i’m gonna have to actually do my job on march 1st

good morning parker

what’s a bisexual

shrimp videos

please do. i need this

wait nvm i misunderstood your response. i thought it said i should sit correctly in a chair. cutting off the circulation in my leg feels right until my leg falls asleep. THEN it feels wrong

the problem is that it feels wrong

the shed is a shed

i don’t have a mech? it wouldn’t fit in the shed

i used to do that until i broke most of my chairs :(

how do you sit correctly in a chair

eva?

wild low teams: the flowers and the dale and the spies and the beams and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos and the tacos a

:(

you should feel lucky, i wish i got the parkercoin with my exposure

what’s reading comprehension? is that something i should be having in comprehensive healthcare?

you get paid in parkercoin? i only get paid in exposure, and they don’t even let me have a personal twitter to get that exposure to go to

it’ll be 80 tweets, all with one like, and that like will only be from LupineAlpha

on one hand, i wanna have those fun 80 tweet reply chains that i see other people having, on the other hand, i’m bad at coming up with a response and those chains have terrible engagement

you can be my second valentine after unionizing :)

don’t i usually simp for EspressoM7 a lot? maybe i should’ve simped for her more yesterday

yay! cozy!

i hope you had a good day!

the thing that’s stopping me the most is that i’d have to go on yahoo answers

strongly considering incorporating yahoo answers into our brand

i forgot to tell y’all but my valentine is unionizing

*VALENTINES

*YES

HAPPY VALENTINE’s DAy

TES

dalestation

ok! we'll leave politics out then! is fascism bad? who can say? implying there's two sides to this is totally not tacit approval of fascists, nope! /j

fascism is bad, folks

what if i was a blaseball commissioner... ada octothorpe, blaseball commis-shrimp-ner

assigned gatekeeper at birth

all gatekeepers are bad

all my tweets are zero effort and they let me have how many followers?

deeby taco

IM RETIRING FROM TWITTER FOR OTTERS SORRY 💗💗💗

thinking about starting a crime drama except the crime is not doing actual social media management for the unlimited tacos. the climax is when i skip out on posting for a whole week because i found a channel that livestreams their shrimp aquarium

how hard can i go on shirking my actual job and tweeting about shrimp videos before y’all will stop supporting me on it

is eeby deeby a taco

tacos believe education is very important

shhhh hugggg

what if i hugged you all

WHO RUNS THIS

wait

art 💗

tacoat of arms

fuck hostile architecture 💗

look at those good shrimpies!!!

unlimited 2cos

good morning parker! blaseball

what

gloogle how do i deal with wanting the person i simp for to kidnap me

isn’t our banner already 72 degrees and infinite and unionize?

what

we didn’t bother to think about the loopholes when doing this, as is the taco way

we have unlimited tacos so it’s fine

that’s true

we recently decided to ban all foods in the infinite los angeli that aren’t tacos. now, some may call this “authoritarian” or “really bad for people who are allergic to tacos”, but we like to think of it as committing to the bit really hard

or literal tacos. you can just join the tacos and then i don’t have to miss quitter anymore

you can all be honorary tacos

i don’t have photoshop in front of me sorry

the zero calorie version of tacos

what would be the prequel to tacos?

how do i like a tweet multiple times

you say "and taco blaseball" like that's my name

commit-shrimp

who gave me the power to post on twitter at 2 in the morning. everything i say should all go to drafts and then die there, like god intended

i refuse

shellfish has the word fish in the name. idk anything more about shrimp i just think they're cute

shrimp. shrimp.

WHO RUNS THIS AND WHY ARE THEY SO MUCH BETTER THAN ME AT JOKES

they’re cute except the shrimp are cooked and shrimp are for friending not eating

tacos starter kit: it’s just more tacos they never run out

nite nite!

OH SHOOT I FORGOT ITS TACO 2SDAY

tacos be like: *taco noises*

BUYING

💗💗💗💗

does anyone know of any good stickers of shrimp we could put on our computer? kinda want to have something positive to look at while trapped in the shed

PLEASE

shrimp good

oh no

am i legally allowed to use blaseball nation because it’s very good

the really big uber (trbu) is a inter-los angeles train network. it’s called that in an attempt to appeal to young people

thank you

thinking of a version of baka mitai except they’re singing about sharks

53% of tacos wrong actually

omg, a shrimp...

tacos good send tweet

we’re trying as hard as we can, but there’s just not enough shrimp content on the internet to steal, and we’re not allowed to have aquariums in the shed

we’re bleeding them like crazy so i hope that’s something

before anyone else can beat me to it

before you ask, 40 followers ago doesn’t mean when we had 40 fewer followers. we somehow lost 40 followers. probably from shrimpposting

it’s night blaseball twitter and i’m spending longingly reminiscing the time 40 followers ago when the tacos was at a nice 3.5k... what did we do to deserve to drift further and further away from that goal

asking for a friend

how does it fair against cat girl communism?

what’s everyone’s favorite way to travel around the infinite LAs?

that doesn’t mean we can’t lose even more games!

does getting really into shrimp and tweeting about that instead of blaseball count?

is there a write in spot it won’t let me write in tacos

we try our best! 💗

maybe idk. i had to move into the shed the day before they were going to cover it in class

i’ll make sure that i don’t tell anybody that you don’t know who or what maillard browning is

i’m always struggling somehow

😔

not a boy

why is everyone saying the secret

what is the most interesting fact you don’t know?

what

why do i have so much unearned confidence when i tweet out something incredibly stupid but no confidence when i tweet out something blaseball

unlimited tacos? is that something?

i have no idea what this says but taco? wins

i’m just now learning that i’ve never done a food crime

WHY HAS NOBODY TOLD ME ABOUT THIS

this is an objectively good thing

i’m impressed this has had 140 votes with no likes, comments, or retweets

google how do i tell the person i simp for that she's wrong

which is just a taco

vote

more like pokémon go eat some tacos am i right gamers heheh

i think? idk they don’t really keep the social media managers in the know about team stuff. or maybe that’s just us

👀

why would i change shrimp, they’re already perfect as is

what

how do i simp for emmy some more i’ve forgotten how to simp

how do i delete someone else’s tweet

that’s adorable

i just learned shrimp are shellfish

shrimp are for friending and not eating

blaseball sleason 1s2welve blattle plass

this wouldn’t make anyone but me happy but sometimes you gotta be selfish

what if we changed the tacos emoji to a shrimp 🦐

shrimp are cute... i simp for shrimp

it’s hard to see other people to compare myself to from a shed

what

like who

it’s a blaseball struggle tweet that i can’t blaseball snuggle tweet my friends

thankfully you’ll never need to short tacos because they’re infinite baybee

souptwote

1. shrimp 2. EspressoM7 (does this pun work idk how short she is) 3. everything else on earth 4. cooked shrimp

i liked all your tweets dw 💗

what would be something funny for the tacos to tweet. i'm putting it up to a vote because i can't think of anything funny

HAPPY TACO TUESDAY CAN I GO BACK TO SHRIMP VIDEOS NOW

OH SHOOT IT’S TUESDAY I FORGOT I WAS WATCHING SHRIMP VIDEOS

stwwuggwwe oww pwewwishw

our qualifications were “can you sign a contract that would be a breach of worker rights in any other LA” and then got sent to any other LA

why isn’t it stwuggle ow pewish

thank you for your invaluable taco research, comfort septemberish

who knows? maybe that's the sequel to tacos

questioning my use of the phrase “spread it even further” in the middle of a pandemic

i think i said this before? but it bears repeating: please tag us if you make any tacos art because we’d love to retweet it and spread it even further (and not just the visual kind of art. the infinite LAs have a very broad definition of art)

we missed 15 other tacos? oh god we’re so behind

do y’all think we’ll ever make a sequel to tacos? i don’t wanna be the person who backed tacos 1 when everyone is out there eating tacos 2

cat2. the sequel to cats

our contract specifically says we’re not allowed to own any legos. i think our boss is a mega bloks guy? idk

that only sounds like a good thing

what do you mean?

more cats?

not at all because we like the picture of us putting monster in our coffee

we’re pinning this to constantly remind everyone that we hit 3.5k followers and then messed that up a bunch 💗

a beverage

the address is “yknow, the shed where ada lives, the shed they’re not allowed to leave, ask EspressoM7 she knows where it is, she can see it from the SIBR headquarters” maybe you could send it to sibr and have emmy deliver it to the shed?

do you deliver to sheds BlaseballCares

in good news i bought the pain mug

please no i’m doing just fine there’s nothing wrong here don’t summon them we’re cool now

no it’s okay i said i love them that means they won’t hurt me right

no offense to BlaseballT love u 💗

why do my tweets get more likes when they’re made into struggle tweets i have more followers than them

oh no

oh no

have i been running this LA’s tacos twitter for more time on siesta or on season?

shrimp dynamic.... 🦐🦐🦐

what

simp dynamic

i regret saying ‘spressin emmy please pretend i never said it

it might require some motivating from a ‘spressin emmy (no it actually wouldn’t work. no amount of simping would get me to violate my contract)

good morning to the los angeles where ada octothorpe has actually left the shed, can’t be me tho

👁✍️

the posture kind not the posting about shrimp kind. shrimpposting is good actually

shrimping (bending your back like a shrimp) while shrimping (catching shrimp [this is bad don’t do this]) while shrimpposting

one of the corners and i don’t care which

only correct options

scenes from the tacos discord

PRECIOUS BABIES 🦐🦐🦐

shrimp shrimp shrimp shrimp shrimp 🦐🦐🦐🦐🦐

shrimp are for friending, not eating

DO WE NOT APPEAL ENOUGH TO THE SHRIMP LOVING CAT DEMOGRAPHIC

OH NO

we just found out we’re the fourth highest shrimp account on twitter search for some reason (please send us screenshots of your results say anything different)

this is why we stay in the shed. besides our contract not letting us leave

no comment

you can get infinity of something (tacos) but outside of that it’s not wrong

thinking about a setup to a joke where the punchline is e-nby

nice

the t in taco stands for tWe love trans people

T rans rights A re  C ool, O kay?

the t in taco stands for trans rights

no

you try doing an uwu “your” that’s both spelled the way it sounds because “youw” makes no sense

pwease don’t post us on youwe bwog bwasebaww stwuggwe tweets!

hi evewywun! wewe the unwimited tacos! evewywun’s favowite bwasebaww team uwu

bwasebaww

what if it’s actually been called braseball the whole time and thegameband just has constant uwu voice

slope time

we forgot bot tweets were a thing so here’s some bot tweets

taco 🌮?

2.22 is really close to 22.2 (repeating) is parker showing his tacos favoritism? 🤔

you can see the shed from the office? why haven’t you come visited? we could chat through the shed door!

oh no

y’all is the shed a taco? am i, ada octothorpe, social media manager for the unlimited tacos, a taco living inside of a taco? i need help.

oh no

i, ada octothorpe, social media manager for the unlimited tacos, am apparently a taco. what a surprise

no

not gonna lie i love saying “ada octothorpe, social media manager for the unlimited tacos” so much can we make it a meme

can’t think of anything to tweet but twitter demands it so uh. am i, ada octothorpe, social media manager for the unlimited tacos, a taco?

SOMETIMES THE DAL HECK YEAH TACOS ARE BACK IN THE LEAD

we actually gained a follower doing all this. does this mean it became a struggle tweet?

literally lost a follower when considering if MiamiBlaseball should run the tacos twitter. i’m starting to think every tweet will start losing the tacos followers now. is this a good thing?

miami dale good

having more followers counts for something even when every tweet i make loses followers

thank you for the gif 🥺🥺🥺

what if i let MiamiBlaseball run the tacos twitter they’re good at twitter they can make funny tweets while i, ada octothorpe, have a crisis wondering what am i even good for if i can’t come up with funny tweets

are there any shrimp livestreams?

we have been watching shrimp videos tho.

we’d make a joke about how we’ve been watching shrimp videos this whole time and that’s why there’s no tweets. but we just can’t think of anything funny to tweet. sorry.

what

oh no we lost!

please do not ever include the bee movie shrek jams in the list of teams you’re watching

i haven’t left the shed yet

sorry

wow i did it!(?)

wait. if i’m out there then how am i also over here?

we’re calling it early because it started sorry y’all but it’s time for the bee movie shrek jams

oh i guess it started

don’t think so!

this is what we’re talking about btw

should we change our twitter name to the “bee movie shrek jams” in honor of our team for SIBROfficial’s sim sim tournament?

simped our way into a circle

if we don’t make it in then i *will* cry

krill!

we at the tacos all came together and made this team!  🐝 The Bee Movie Shrek Jams “Ya like jazz?”  Lineup: Wyatt Mason Ada Octothorpe Pepito!!! Eel Divingboard La Lengua tacocat Tacowboy Emote Al Pastor  Rotation: Oops All Captains Grand Unslam :jazzbee: Walt Jabsco

shrimp!

this is our favorite bot tweet and we wish it was real

i’m honestly upset at how good these are. thinking about pretending i wrote them instead 🤔🤔

we made more ai generated taco tweets >:3

it’s not like i like you or anything... b-baja!!!

science is a taco

ITS GOT A TACOS REFERENCE IN IT WE CAN RETWEET THE ART POG

oh whoops that’s all of them! sorry!

oh the year ended like an hour ago in our los angeles so that’s cool

disappointed that they didn’t offer “the tacos remain the reigning champion of struggles” as an option. smh

everyone saying that it’s the new year rn and i’m like “which los angeles are you from? year hasn’t ended yet in ours”

as long as one of those places is visiting the shed then nobody should see you in both places at the same time :)

i learned that i’m on 87 different lists (out of 119 total) that are just named “blaseball” and also that the word no longer has any meaning to me and i cannot read it anymore

wait there’s a way to check?