don't call me out if i tweet when i said i'd be napping. that just means i failed

blaseball? more like i'm taking a nap

season 16 is starting soon, and yes, Rat has been practicing jousting with Sexton

no hard feelings btw tigers. i'm just gonna buy shrimp stickers to cope

JFJFJFJFJFJFJF @HadesBlaseball I WORKED SO HARD WATCHING SHRIMP VIDEOS TO GET A HEALTHY LEAD OVER YOU IN FOLLOWER COUNT AND ALL OF A SUDDEN I CHECK OVER AND YOU PASSED ME UP BY 7

fun fact! my autocorrect now tries to correct the word "windy" to "wimdy"

wyatt mason

🥺🥺🥺

;-; our girl

ok tacos got no blessings that's normal :)

oh shoot i forgot elections happened brb

Hi friends! It's #BlaseballCares Sunday! The Magic and Moist Talkers are at it this week, so help them support some good causes, if you can here:  

this has been shrimpinomics with ada octothorpe, social media manager for the la unlimited tacos

hrrngh captain, i'm trying to pitch a shutout but i'm dummy rich and the clap of my cash cheeks keeps alerting the batter\n\n

how do i delete someone else's twitter

should we run this again? see if the will of the people has changed?

how do i delete someone else's tweet

the gods have decided that they’re more comfortable with dumb questions that involve fish so I have no answers\n\n

people are telling me something about a salmon piss blessing oh no\n\n

no

blåhaj blast 🥺🥺🥺 (credit to donnfirinne on the tacos discord)  

our sexton is too radical for one board

the worst part about getting swept 0-2 in the start of the postseason is losing the possibility of getting swept 0-3\n\n

TACOS LOSE. FINALLY SOME GOOD NEWS\n\n

#tacoganda  

i have no idea what's happening in blaseball anymore

against all odds the dale have made it to the playoffs

the cube rule of cube identification

the tacos

i don't think the tacos are going to partytime so i'm gifting all y'all with "can't stop party rocking" you're welcome

i just watch shrimp videos so i don't measure gayness

what if

what if blaseball was gay

you act like this makes sense in context\n\n

unlimited tacos means unlimited taco kickflips

ok i’ll bite. how’s umpdog?

sklateboard

sklateboard

im very sick y'all will never know

you can still do that with a mask on and 6 feet of distance and also a megaphone

all eras are sapphic

y’all i could do a bloodflip. we just didn’t build the grind rail because we all know i’d dunk on everyone by chaining a bloodflip into a nosetouch into to a flipalupa into a crunch wrap supreme into another bloodflip and it never stops i never stop grinding and it looks cool af

blaseball the lesbian era

yes

la unlimited tacos blattle network

